Fix/et 1134 email from displays encoded html entities (#2025)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: changelog.txt

== Changelog ==

> * Fix - Prevent Tribe Commerce 'Confirmation email sender name' from displaying improperly when a single quote is added. [ET-1134]

Reviewer: Let's use double quotes and move it to the right version (Below [5.1.5])
```suggestion
* Fix - Prevent Tribe Commerce "Confirmation email sender name" from displaying improperly when a single quote is added. [ET-1134]
```
